.TH RHOST 8l "1 October r1.5
.SH NAME
.B roguehunter
- identify and terminate rogue processes 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B roguehunter
[
.B -c 
.I <config_file>
] [
.B -d
] [
.B -v
]
.SH AVAILABILITY
.B roguehunter
is a Bourne shell script which should work equally well on all versions of UNIX,
Linux and even bloody UnixWare.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
The 
.B roguehunter
is at present server specific. Tests to identify rogue processes are hard
coded into the script.
.LP
The script attempts to kill processes with SIGHUP in order allow a clean termination.No attempt is made to use SIGKILL if termination fails.
.LP
A terse record of the attempted kills are maintained in the log file.
.B roguehunter
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 5
.B -c
.I <configuration_file>
.LP
The configuration file is at present unused. 
.TP 5
.B -d
.LP
The debug mode echos all actions to standard error. 
.LP
.TP 5
.B -v
.LP
Verbose mode, the script will run with the 
.B -x
option set.
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP
.nf
.ft CW
	roguehunter
.fi
.ft R
.LP
Identify rogue processes (cpu hogs) on the current host using the criteria hard coded
in the script and terminate them.
.IP
.ft CW
	roguehunter -d
.ft R
.LP
As above but echo each line to standard error.
.SH FILES
.IR roguehunter.cf .
.SH BUGS
The script has very little input error checking. 
.SH HISTORY
The script was created to deal with extreme process hogs created by 
.I Mega
on a \fICaldera Open Unix\fR host. Access to the system is achieved through
terminal emulation from PCs. I suspect that the PCs are shutdown without
ending the telnet/ssh session and that as a consequence SIGHUP is never
sent to host. When the telnet session is broken the login process is 
attached to \fIinit\fR and the application process smn12 becomes a process
hog. The script therefore is essentially concerned with processor hogs 
identified as smn12 and the associated \fBksh\fR login although it could
be easily modified to use a config script which identified other target
names. Other processes that are identified as a potential problem are
added to the log files for further consideration.
.SH AUTHOR
Clifford W Fulford, City Linux. Contact fulford@fulford.net or +44 (0)709 229 5385.
